Add SwiftLint rules and add SwiftLint to GitHub Actions + Fastlane (#8)
paypal/iOS-SDK: DEVELOPMENT.md

# PayPal iOS Development Notes

This document outlines development practices that we follow while developing this SDK.

## SwiftLint

> If you would like to run SwiftLint outside of CI for all of the paths included in the `.swiftlint.yml`, run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run [SwiftLint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint) for all of the paths included in the `.swiftlint.yml`, run the following:
```

Take it or leave it comment
